update env / task examples (#6331)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/app/continuous-integration/overview.mdx

#### Custom Environment Variables

You can also set custom environment variables for use in your tests. These

> enable your test code and browserto reference dynamic values.

Author: ```suggestion
enable your test code and browser to reference dynamic values.
```
